Tutorial updates with recent PRs + feedback from collaboration meeting (#406)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/getting-started/installation-guide.rst

    Refer back to the recommended installation steps, starting from :ref:`point 4 <posydon-env>`, to download the required dataset and set the necessary environment variables.

Running grids using POSYDON on HPC Facilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you are planning to create MESA grids using POSYDON, it's essential to have `mpi4py` installed to enable parallel computations.

Reviewer: I know this section is for POSYDON on HPC facilities, but I think here we could clearly state (especially for very novice users) that mpi4py is essential for HPC usage. It is less so for personal machines, is that right?
```suggestion
If you are planning to create MESA grids using POSYDON on HPC facilities, it's essential to have `mpi4py` installed to take advantage of parallel computations.
```

Author: This is because MESA requires it, right? 

For population runs, you don't need it anymore.
